[Autogenerated] in this next section,
we're going to cover monitoring a dressed codedeploy actions on events.
These were important to keep your environment secure
like we talked about earlier on.
We can show how to order events if needed.
Okay, so in this next Walt Fruit, we're going to take a look at the A P.
I call logs and cloudtrail for codedeploy actions and events.
Let's jump right in.
Okay, so on the AWS codedeploy dashboard,
we're going to create a test application just to show some events in cloudtrail.
Let's hit create application.
What is going to call it test?
We just got a selectee see, too.
I'm gonna hit great application.
So now this will show up in the Cloud Trail dashboard,
and we can see the events and who's done what?
So let's switch.
There was a cloud trail dashboard.
Now you should have previously set this up.
I think it's outside of this course.
It's really simple to do, so it's really intuitive.
We're going to go onto event history.
We're going to select an attribute.
We're gonna click events source.
We're gonna hit and type in codedeploy so that we can view
all log entries from codedeploy actions.
So you can see here that I've previously created and deleted
codedeploy We can see who's done that.
The route user, if you see the source I p addresses my address.
Um,
we could see the same for over actions to This is gonna be
really great for when your orders in code apart and you can
see who's doing what and where.
Okay, first module finished.
That wasn't so bad, was it?
On?
We're well on a way to becoming co deployed pros.
Let's have a quick recap.
What we just covet gave an introduction to the service and then an overview.
We had a look at managing permissions.
We've I am. And then we had a look of auditing with cloudtrail.